[IMP] sales: updated optional_products for 16 (#5409)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/optional_products.rst

   :align: center
   :alt: How to add optional products to your quotations on Odoo Sales.

To add an optional product(s) to a quotation, click :guilabel:`Add a product` in the
:guilabel:`Optional Products` tab of a quotation. Doing so reveals a blank field in the
:guilabel:`Product` column.

When clicked, a drop-down menu with products from the database appear. Select the desired product
from the drop-down menu to add it as an optional product to the quotation template.

.. tip::
   If the desired product isn't readily visible, type the name of the desired product in the field,
   and the option appears in the drop-down menu. Then, select that desired product to add it to the
   quotation.

.. note::
   When a product is added, the default :guilabel:`Quantity` is `1`, but that can be edited at any
   time.

To delete any line item from the :guilabel:`Optional Products` tab, click the :guilabel:`🗑️ (trash
can)` icon.

> Click the :guilabel:`Preview` button, located in the upper-left corner of the quotation, to reveal a

Author: I completely understand what you're saying here. However, upon some consideration, I think this portion may actually be useful in its current position, because a Preview button isn't actually available on quotation template forms. So, I think I'll leave it where it is. That said, if you feel strongly about it being better utilized later on in the doc, just let me know, and I'll make the necessary changes. Thanks for the suggestion! 👍

   :align: center
   :alt: How to add optional products to your quotations on Odoo Sales.

To add an optional product(s) to a quotation, click :guilabel:`Add a product` in the
:guilabel:`Optional Products` tab of a quotation. Doing so reveals a blank field in the
:guilabel:`Product` column.

When clicked, a drop-down menu with products from the database appear. Select the desired product
from the drop-down menu to add it as an optional product to the quotation template.

.. tip::
   If the desired product isn't readily visible, type the name of the desired product in the field,
   and the option appears in the drop-down menu. Then, select that desired product to add it to the
   quotation.

.. note::
   When a product is added, the default :guilabel:`Quantity` is `1`, but that can be edited at any

>    time.

Reviewer: I like the use of admonition blocks here! It looks really good on the rendered doc (:

To delete any line item from the :guilabel:`Optional Products` tab, click the :guilabel:`🗑️ (trash
can)` icon.

Click the :guilabel:`Preview` button, located in the upper-left corner of the quotation, to reveal a
preview of the quotation customers would receive, via email, along with the optional products they

> can potentially add to their order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can potentially add to their order, located in the :guilabel:`Options` section.
```
Admittedly, this new sentence doesn't flow as well as your original, but I found it useful to explicitly say where the optional products are found, in case the viewer can't load the image.

.. image:: optional_products/optional-products-checkout.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Preview your quotations on Odoo Sales.

Customers are able to add different optional products to an order by clicking the :guilabel:`🛒
(shopping cart)` icon, located to the right of the optional product line.

> If a customer selects one or more of the optional products suggested, these additional items are
> automatically filled in on the quotation that is managed by the salesperson.

Reviewer: Optional for brevity (:

```suggestion
If a customer selects optional products, these are automatically added to the quotation managed by
the salesperson.
```

When the customer adds an optional product(s) to an order, the salesperson is instantly notified
about the change, along with any other change the customer makes to an order. This allows
salespeople to stay up-to-date with everything related to an order in the backend of the *Sales*
application.

Optional products on quotation templates
========================================

.. note::

>    Be sure to review the
>    :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template` documentation to better
>    understand how quotation templates work before reading the following information.

Reviewer 2: Update to relative doc path
```suggestion
   Be sure to review the :doc:`quote_template` documentation to better understand how quotation
   templates work before reading the following information.
```

>    understand how quotation templates work before reading the following information.

Reviewer: WOW this is such a clever idea to prep readers for info

Configuration --> Quotation Templates`. Then, either select an existing quotation template to edit,
or create a new one by clicking :guilabel:`New`.

On the quotation template form, click the :guilabel:`Optional Products` tab. Under the
:guilabel:`Optional Products` tab, click :guilabel:`Add a line`, and select the desired product to
add as an optional product to the quotation template.

.. image:: optional_products/optional-products-tab-quotation-template.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Preview your quotations on Odoo Sales.

The products added in the :guilabel:`Optional Products` tab are present in the quotation, by

> default, whenever that particular quotation template is used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
default, whenever that particular quotation template is used. These products can be removed, and additional products can be added, before the quotation is sent to a customer.
```

   For example, if a customer purchases a wooden chair, some optional products could be: a warranty
   on that chair and/or a wooden chair with leather seats.

.. note::
   There is no limit to how many optional products can be added to a quotation template.

.. seealso::

>    :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/quote_template`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   :doc:`quote_template`
```
